README.md, before:

# all-php-everything
A collated list of PHP resources that every self-respecting web dev should know about

## Laravel-specific Packages
[tylercd100/lern](https://github.com/tylercd100/lern) - LERN is a Laravel 5 package that will record exceptions into a database and will send you a notification

## Security
  [OWASP](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Main_Page) - An open project with the goal of making software more secure through advocating security best practices

## Code design
[domnikl/DesignPatternsPHP](https://github.com/domnikl/DesignPatternsPHP) - A thorough list of common design patterns, outlining use cases and showing code snippets to illustrate

## Front-end
[UIKit](https://getuikit.com/) - A lightweight and modular front-end framework for developing fast and powerful web interfaces

## Other
[Google Open-source Projects](https://opensource.google.com/projects/explore/featured) - All of Google's open-source initiatives in one place. It's not strictly PHP-related, but it's a huge treasure trove of outstanding quality code

Commit message:

Added code design/laravel apps and front-end/interneting is hard

README.md, after:

# all-php-everything
A collated list of PHP resources that every self-respecting web dev should know about

## Laravel-specific Packages
[tylercd100/lern](https://github.com/tylercd100/lern) - LERN is a Laravel 5 package that will record exceptions into a database and will send you a notification

## Security
[OWASP](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Main_Page) - An open project with the goal of making software more secure through advocating security best practices

## Code design
[domnikl/DesignPatternsPHP](https://github.com/domnikl/DesignPatternsPHP) - A thorough list of common design patterns, outlining use cases and showing code snippets to illustrate
[A list of open-source Laravel apps](https://github.com/unicodeveloper/awesome-opensource-apps#laravel) - A great way to learn new patterns and architectures is to see how other people do it. Check out this list of open-source projects written in Laravel and don't forget to fork/contribute!

## Front-end
[UIKit](https://getuikit.com/) - A lightweight and modular front-end framework for developing fast and powerful web interfaces
[Interneting is Hard HTML&CSS Lessons for Backend Devs](https://internetingishard.com/html-and-css/) - A set of beautifully designed and full of examples lessons to make a backender's introduction to the front(dark) side as smooth as possible

## Other
[Google Open-source Projects](https://opensource.google.com/projects/explore/featured) - All of Google's open-source initiatives in one place. It's not strictly PHP-related, but it's a huge treasure trove of outstanding quality code
